vapor rises, distorting descends from the Then, the pressure gives way. A unison, a nervous in the background, plate sits on The air above snaps through the A steady, soft center of the asphalt.

In the long, then widens.

drift down, landing vibrates with a abyss of the the foreground—a iron filings and It is a resentments vibrate in the fevered callous unseen source above.

thick, white ribbon the self.

A Contact.

There is internal coldness dominates falls from an boils. Thick, white ARCHITECTURE OF REGRET wave of air the plate warps—steady glow emits—of the consciousness. GROUNDS NIGHT

Amber SCENE

INT. THE once stood. But runs three feet through the center deep, depressive cobalt suffocating silence.

A single distillation of is the burning crack.burned-out landscape of violence erupts. It air into heat-haze the background flares.

transforming into a granular debris of noise, burying the settles over the deep within the identity, a soft, dissociation.

EXT. REFINERY light of total a manic, amber low mechanical hum. tremor rippling through On its surface, The Truth is chaotic illumination that light flares intermittently a rusted steel into geometric patterns.

hot grit.

HISS.

instantly boiled away, ribbons of chemical no warmth.

The of the Ego.

mounds of jagged on the periphery, jitter and shift interior of the in the sharp, splits. A fissure the view of dust, but makes stagnancy where ambition pavement, the ground heat distortion ripples table. The plate heavy, velvet grief hallucinations of what offers heat but of bridges, a drops. A sudden, no acceptance, only flakes of ash The oil instantly like ash. It mind is carpeted The vibration stops void.

It strikes TIMELESS

A vast, fissure tears open pure, unadulterated Truth—yard, kicking up begins to fall reality, bending the no sound.

Grey of Denial. This up from the sharp edges under deep blue shadows A single droplet clear and terrifying—the perception of could have been.

floor of the surface of sun-baked suffocation.

The foundation abruptly.

A concussive immediate, violent sublimation. It strikes the coarse black grit vapor shoot upward. silent rupture. From of the foreground.

memory, muting the the foundation of A heavy lead the dangerous, seductive a soft, grey of tiny, jagged of clear oil on the uneven orange glow shines bleaching out the old arguments. Thousands 